Feature dtcenter/METplus-Internal#63 CVE scan workflows (#3119)
dtcenter/METplus: docs/Contributors_Guide/continuous_integration.rst

the truth data, an artifact is created for the use case group. It contains
files that differ so that the user can download and examine them. Files that
are only found in one or the other are also included.

Custom GitHub Actions
=====================

Custom actions are designed to handle common functionality that is needed by
multiple GitHub Actions workflows across multiple METplus GitHub repositories.

> They are stored in their own GitHub repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each custom action is stored in its own GitHub repository.
```

Navigate to the GitHub repository for a custom action to learn more about

> how to use them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using it.
```

Free Disk Space
---------------

Removes files that are not used by METplus workflows from the
GitHub Actions runner environment to free up disk space.

`dtcenter/metplus-action-free-disk-space <https://github.com/dtcenter/metplus-action-free-disk-space>`_

.. warning:: **DO NOT USE THIS ACTION WITH SELF-HOSTED RUNNERS!**

Scan Docker Images
------------------

> Scans Docker images for CVEs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scans Docker images for Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs).
```

`dtcenter/metplus-action-scan-docker-images <https://github.com/dtcenter/metplus-action-scan-docker-images>`_

Data Update
-----------

Query web server and update data volumes used for testing.

`dtcenter/metplus-action-data-update <https://github.com/dtcenter/metplus-action-data-update>`_

Trigger METplus Use Cases
-------------------------

> Used to trigger a METplus testing workflow to ensure that changes to other METplus component repositories do not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trigger a METplus testing workflow to ensure that changes to other METplus component repositories do not
```
Consistent language in the description of custom actions.
